In the last lecture we learned how to push a new screen,
now I want to pop it I want to go back and I want to go back when we click this button. Now we could
handle this with props and so on but I want to directly connect place detail to redux to my store so
that I can directly dispatch the delete action from here.
So for that let's simply import connect from react redux and then let's implement our constant, map
dispatch to props here at the bottom which is equal to dispatch which was passed into a function where
we have to return our mapping object in the end.
And there, I want to bind some property,
let's maybe name it on delete place to a function where I receive the key of the item which has
to be deleted,
that will be new,
I need that because we have no selected items stored in the store anymore
and then I will dispatch this action
I want to dispatch. First of all, I need to change the action
so let's go to store, actions, places.js, delete place now requires a key and I will need to pass this
on, so place key should be passed on to the reducer
because as I said, we no longer have the selected items stored in the store
so we need to pass that information with that action now. In the places reducer
therefore when we delete a place, we can no longer reach out to selected place key,
we instead have to use action and there, I stored it in a property named place key,
that's what I just did here,
place key here has to be place key here.
So now we get the information we need for deleting
right
with the action.
So with that back in the place detail component, I need to import this,
so we'll import my actions from
and now let's go up to the store folder, to the actions file, to the index file where I bundle all my exports
and import delete place
and with that imported, this is what I want to dispatch, delete
place where I also pass on my key.
So with that, I just need to make sure that this gets executed whenever we click this button
and for this I could write this inline but I'll actually now turn this into a class based component
too,
so I'll import component from react too, turn this into class place detail with a capital P that extends
component and in the class body,
I will have my render method where I return some jsx, the jsx we return is the jsx we also had
in the view before that,
so here let's remove that part down there.
And now with that I can
first of all take that new name and export it
before I forget it down there and now add a method which I'll name place
deleted handler
where I receive nothing
but then in the end, I want to dispatch my action through that prop. To be able to do so, I
first of all need to connect this, so I'll use connect and wrap place detail with the result of the connect
call and to connect, I pass null for map state to props but then I pass map dispatch to props and
I now of course can execute this on delete place,
so this prop we set up down there in map dispatch to props,
this is what I want to execute and for that, I need to pass on the key of that place. Now conveniently
I can do that, I can simply access place
and now to pass on the key, if we have a look at our reducer, we see when we add a new place we assign a
key, a random number not a real unique key but it still does the job.
So we'll pass on this key and I can conveniently access it on place key, not on place key excuse me,
on this props selected place,
that is what we get from the outer component which pushed this page. I now also need to adjust
all props calls in my jsx code to this props because we turned this into a class based one,
so we access props on this props and selected place still is the place
we got from outside.
So now we dispatch this action directly from within our component here,
we delete the place,
I now also want to get rid of this page once we did so.
So I will access this props navigator, this property we get from react native navigation and then, I can
just call pop in there. You can learn more about pop in the documentation,
you can also configure this, for example set if
it should be animated or not but this will simply remove the current page or screen from the stack,
hence navigating back.
Now let's try all of that out,
one important thing we have to do though is since we connect the place detail to redux,
in the app.js where we register this component,
I now also need to pass store and provider as arguments to register a component for the place details screen.
Now with that, we can save all of that and go back to our application and reload it, log back
in and enter Munich here, find a place, go to the place
and let's click the trash bin and if I go back, that doesn't look too promising, did it?
Nothing happened.
Well I forgot one crucial thing, in place detail,
I of course also need to connect my button click, there on touchable opacity,
I called this props on item deleted, I should call my place delete handler instead,
so I will do that,
this place delete handler. Now let's save this and go back and let's reload this again,
let's try it again,
let's add another awesome place, still Munich.
Click on it,
click the trash bin,
now I'm warned that on delete place is not a function.
So let's go back to place detail, this on delete place,
yeah it's not a function, it should be this props ondelete place,
so one more try.
Login,
add Munich, go to Munich and delete it
and now we're taken back and you see the place is gone.
And we can try the same on Android, maybe reload once just to be sure that it works,
add Munich there too, click the add button, go to the other tab, go there, click the trash bin it's gone.
So this is how we can pop back
and also how we hook up this delete functionality.
Now with that let's move on.